In the world where I came from, being smart was the best quality one could have. Whatever your discipline, intellect was the defining attribute that led to the greatest chance of success. 

Let's think for a second why that might be. The answer is obvious. In a world where scarcity defined the basis of all necessities, intellect is the most powerful tool. 
Scarcity is an axiom of how we saw the world. From your basic needs to grandiose tales of being a trillionaire, all measures of having something was relative to how far away you are from having nothing.  

Brawns and valor sculpted the figure of the hero in our myths.
But strength, agility, endurance, and even determination would not get you as far as intellect. 
With technology, a person was simply stronger, faster, and work longer, than any hero. 

But what if the scarcities that we are so familiar with were foreign and unintuitive? What then, might fuel the engines of desire?

***

I was always a curious child. I cherished trivia like other kids did with shiny rocks. 

Knowing more than another child your age was a consistent way to get praise from the adults around you. No, not just as a child. It applied even through adulthood.

To spare you further details of an archetyped biography you've heard so many times before, let's skip to the where the story trails from the well beaten path.

I was a driven child. I had expectations for my future self. But as time went on, less of them became reality than I'd hoped. 
With some expectations, I understood the commitment it would take, and I deprioritized them. Others, I simply didn't have the means. 
But I didn't think of myself as a failure. I was too rational. Too analytical. Too "mature". 
I guised my inward disappointment in a mask that said the dreams didn't make sense to begin with.

I was in my mid twenties, working as a programmer.
No surprise for the child with an inquisitive mind. 
It was a trade that rewarded a willingness to look for answers with the gravitas and empowerment of a orchestra director.

Initially it felt great to be free and let wild into adulthood, but the novelty wears off quickly.

You may not feel the same way, but for me, adulting was way easier than being in school. No homework, no deadlines, no extracurriculars. 
None of the uncertainties that come with perpetually preparing for the "real thing".

It's freeing at first, but an eerie feeling crept up over me. 

With a steady career there was little scarcity in my life. There was no need for me to change. 
Complacency wrapped its tentacles around me, dragging me into the abyss like a hypothermic climber drifting off to a slumber in a snowy mountain summit. 

In many ways, I'd made it; I'd beaten the tutorial that life had to offer. Yet, there was really no game to play. 
The stories that fueled our dreams had a catalyst nowhere to be found. 
A wizard visiting your small town. A royal summon to the king's palace. An auspicious meeting with a beggar. 
And don't think that I am speaking of fictional tales here. In the lingo of my time, we simply called it "networking". 
The effect is the same. You required a degree of luck that had no consistent method of attainment.

Having experienced it for myself, I was left with only vague ideas of "that would be kind of cool" left in my head. 
No more timelines, goals, or even a good description of what I wanted. And not an inkling of belief that they might actually happen. 
It wasn't anything as melodramatic as being "afraid to dream". It was simply that I didn't care about any of it that much. 
The way I saw it, since the dreams required so much luck, the satisfaction and prestige that they brought were tainted with a footnote that it wasn't possible for just anyone. 

To clarify, I didn't feel depressed. I didn't want to cry, I didn't want to kill myself. I didn't even really wish that things were different. 
In another culture, I might've been worshipped for having mastered stoicism. 

Yet, it's difficult to live with little to no desire. At times, it felt like I could eat a handful of sand and my reaction wouldn't be much different if it had been a handful of sugar.

Wanting to feel something, anything, I scheduled each waking moment of my life with some form of chemical stimulus with the efficiency of an air traffic controller.

At this point in my life, the idea of my well being wasn't really something I treasured. It wasn't really the slippery slope I was warned of in the precautionary tales.
It was an active, controlled, self destruction. I knew what I was doing, but the consequences didn't bear any weight. 

Being knowledgeable from my curiosity, I was well aware that drugs in moderation were relatively benign. 
It was no more dangerous than listening to music while driving. Or watching short form video while eating.
Risk was proportional to the act.

I don't remember the events leading up to the following moment, but it started with my attention snapping into focus. 
If you've ever woken up from sleeping in the middle of class with no recollection of how you fell asleep, you understand how I felt in that moment. 

I felt clarity for the first time for as long as I can remember. As I made sense of my surroundings, I realized I was looking at my own body, slumped over my desk. 

