Tariel picked me up and used magic to wrap me in a muslin sling, showing an ease and skill that made it clear to me that she was an experienced parent.
As she put me on to her back, I noticed that she had more Dirma on her back. In fact, most of her back was covered. 

"Tariel, how many Dirma do you have?" I asked. 

"I think fifteen? No. Sixteen, I believe," she answered. 

"And how many kids have you had?" I asked. 

"Ha. I'd have an even harder time figuring that out. But in most of my lives I have bore or sired children. And at least two or three each time," she answered. 

I guess it only makes sense that you could be reincarnated as either sex. 
I could sense an endless reserve of questions in my psyche, stampeding their way on top of one another for a chance to be asked.

"And how old are you in this life?" I asked. 

"About 70 sols or so," she answered. 

I was surprised, but only at how accurate my preconceptions of elves are. 
Tariel's youthful appearance, of which I'd guess to be no more than 25 if she were a human from Earth, led me to conclude that elven metabolism is yet another thing I must become familiar with in this world. 

"And how long do you live in each life?"

"It depends. When I particularly enjoy a vessel, I might choose to live for three or four hundred years. But I will usually live to at least a hundred sols," Tariel responded. 

As she said this, we exited the front of the house, for the first time in my life. 

*** 

Buildings were crafted with varying sizes of neatly chiseled stone, and naturally grown wood filled between the stone pieces like caulk that was still flowing. 
There was a decent amount of traffic on a road that led up a slight incline. 
The buildings that lined the roads were in irregular intervals, and varied in both appearance and function. 

As we walked up the hill, a peculiar collection of buildlings caught my attention. 
The first of which was a tired looking building, with its stones mossy, and greasy smog heaving from its chimney. 
It was followed by - frankly, what I would describe to be a crack house if I saw it back on earth. 
It was not lit, and a beam that crossed the posts that stood guard at the entrance of the fence had sagged down, clearing any doubt that the property was abandoned.
It was then followed by what seemed like small shop selling produce. Some wares were displayed on the street with one shopper perusing, but there seemed to be no staff attending it. 

The building in the middle is what really caught my attention. The area it occupied and the grand design told me that this would have been an eye catcher in its prime. 
Yet, here it was, sad and helpless. 

"Tariel, why has that building been left in its state?" I asked. 

"It is up to the discretion of its owner I suppose. They have been in Tanai, for longer than typical. Many people will pay a fee before they leave for Tanai, but if it runs out, there is no obligation for anyone to maintain it," she clarified for me. 

"Isn't it an eyesore to look at? Wouldn't the neighbors rather spend some time to just care for it rather than having to look at that ugly thing?" I stated unsolicitedly.  

Tariel shrugged. 

As she walked up the hill, I noticed what was in the horizon for the first time. A tree. A tree so big that it simply comes across as a wall, in the same manner that standing on the ground floor of a skyscraper might evoke.  

Another detail stuck out to me: there was a big stone temple lodged into this tree. 
And when I say big, I mean BIG.  
The kind of big where the steps were as tall as a man’s knee, and the doors alone could have swallowed a house whole. 
Columns the width of sequoias rose in orderly ranks, each one vanishing into the shadow of the roof far above. 
From this distance, the whole thing should have been a mountain in its own right, yet here, clinging to the side of that impossibly vast tree, it was nothing more than a decorative ornament.

"What is that massive building?" I asked in awe, as my stupor built. 

"The arcanum. It's where we're headed."
