I clearly understood that I had died from an overdose. 

I felt no shame, no regret, no anxiety. At first, I thought it was because of this mysterious state I was in, but after a little more thought, I realized I simply didn't care. 
I have never been a sentimental person, but my state of detachment only described in Buddhist literature yet understood to be unachievable.

What I did care about, then and there, was the fact that my current circumstances entirely went against my world view. 

It's entirely unscientific. My mind raced as its familiar protocols failed their pattern seeking abilities.
An afterlife? Out of body experiences? This must mean that there are souls. Such cliches. I felt anger, frustration, maybe even helplessness start to well up in a body I couldn't locate. 

I was angry because it's as if a lie I had believed had been exposed. The beliefs I held about the world were now evident as incorrect, or at the very least, incomplete.

I was not so ignorant that I entirely dismissed an idea of an afterlife as mechanistically impossible.
But so many times, I heard that there was no evidence or reason for such things, and scientific thinking was such a fundamental part of my being that my faith in its legitimacy was more devout than any priest towards any deity. 

When a scientist finds a contradiction, they don't panic or spiral. Well, they actually do the same thing, but console themselves by calling it rationalization.
I told myself that just because we have no evidence for such things, that didn't mean it didn't make sense, or that it was impossible. 

As I spun PR damage control statements to myself, a deeper, bitter, anger was unleashed from within.

"No! This is bullshit. It's trickery!" I screamed, as if demanding to see a manager.

"Why the fuck would any of this be true? How was anyone supposed to figure this out?" I pleaded, like a kid facing impending punishment, flailing a moot defense in a futile effort.

"What's even the point? It's such cheap fucking bullshit. I can accept that you can't know everything, but for it to be some dumb Hollywood shit like this? Are you serious? Fuck you"

I'm not sure who I was profaning towards, but anyone would've perceived me as a toddler throwing a tantrum, not even knowing why he's mad. 

"So what would've been better?" inquired a sultry voice. 


