"What?" I asked, too dumbfounded for anything more substantive.

"What would've been better? Was there any version you would've been satisfied with?" said a figure in a womanly figure. Not just any woman's figure. She was clearly THE woman. 

"God is a woman? You can't be serious with this shit. It doesn't bother me but this cheesy ass trope is getting old really quick," I said, bracing to be smitten by the goddess.

"I look like this because this is what little of me you're able to perceive. You simply don't possess the means to see me as I am. If you did, you wouldn't be you. As for Me being a woman, I suppose it is only you who sees me this way." said the deity, with no hint of condescendence in Her voice. 

As I processed Her statement, I was able to appreciate the fact that as powerful as my lexical prowess was, I failed to describe her beauty with words. 
Part of my mind surprised at this new freaky part of my mind that had manifested Her appearance.
I felt a lustful gaze arise in me while I tried to focus my attention on more pertinent things and did my best not to read into what Freudians might interpret of the situation.

"So who are you? What should I call you?" I asked.

"Hmmm," she said, as she brought a finger to her lips. 

"You can call me Omnis," She answered. 

"Omnis, why am I here? What's going on?" I asked, feeling slightly ashamed that such weak questions were all I was able to muster.

"I heard your pleas, and I came to answer them. And to explain, your life has ended. Simple as that. Although I already know every question you have, why don't you ask Me anyway?" She suggested, like a seasoned teacher guiding a novice through the motions.

Some part of me remembered my earlier profanities, which are now evidently blasphemies.

"Do You know everything?"

"Yes."

"Did You create everything?"

"This is an incomplete way to ask what you really want to ask, but let's go with yes."

"If you know everything, doesn't that mean that actions are predetermined and morality and ethics are rendered meaningless and also there's no free will?"

She smiled in an amused way. "I enjoyed watching people think about this. I won't matronize you by saying it doesn't make sense to ask this, but maybe it'll help you understand better if I ask you a question. Did you feel like you had no free will, and no sense of justice in the world?"

I paused. In certain ways, I did. I felt hopeless, powerless, and unable to change my fate. Yet, I understood Her question. 
There were no restraints on me, the choices I felt like I had were all equally real. The satisfaction of a good choice balanced out the guilt and shame of the poor choices.

"Fine. I get it. So if you made everything, including suffering and evil, aren't you an evil god?"

"Does it make sense for a person who cut themselves with a blade to blame the smith who forged it?"

"Well, why does there have to be suffering at all?"

"It is the way it is."

Unsatisfied, I argued: "The world would objectively be better, if all the bad parts were removed," I said, briefly believing that I was making a productive argument. 

"If your grandmother had wheels, she would be a bike." She retorted. In this moment, I began to see Gino as one of the greatest philosophers who had ever walked the Earth. 

"Ok. Ok. Just one more. Does P = NP?" I asked, like a puppy with a wagging tail.

"Yes, but your idea of a proof is neither powerful enough to show it, nor is it a complete concept within itself." She answered, like a parent disenchanting Santa Claus.

"Fuck. I saw that coming. honestly. Ok. So why am I here? Does everyone go through this?" 

"Well you seemed so upset about it all I wanted to see what you would've preferred. And for the second question, I'll answer the question you really want to ask: 'Am I special?'. And the answer is yes. You are as special as everyone else." 

I could tell she said this with no hint of facetiousness. In some ways, I think I understood what She was saying, but I also understood that language was much too imprecise of a medium for me to be sure. 
Maybe nothing I've ever known would be precise enough. 

"You're correct about that. As you are, there is no way to understand," She added, in what I perceived as an invasion of privacy. 

"Your thoughts are as private as they were before you thought of this; I heard every dialog you had with yourself, every explanation for every decision. Over time, you grew complacent and disinterested of what the world I gave for you had to offer. Granted, in your view, it's My fault," She said, apologetically. 
It was clearly She was sorry I felt this way, and not sorry that it was her fault.

"I'm happy to let you take over and redesign everything, but your resume is a bit lacking. Instead, why don't we have some fun? I remember you had so many ideas when you were younger. I remember you saying, 'If I was a trillionaire, I could've done this or that...'" She continued.

"I'll send you off to a world and you can do for them what you wanted Me to do for you," Omnis suggested. 

"Then how about a gift from the goddess? Feels only customary in this situation," I said, hesitant that I might've crossed some line. 

"Done! No need to be nervous. I bear no ill will towards you. And to remind you, I did create fun. What would you like? Ask away!" Omnis assured me, like a parent bringing their child to ice cream when it was the plan all along. 

"How about omniscience?" I asked. 

"Bleh. How boring. Besides, you wouldn't be you if you were omniscient."

After pondering for a second, I felt a gush of excitement rush forth within me. Something I had not experienced for so long that I almost forgot the wonderous feeling. 

"What about the Internet? Let me take the knowledge of the internet with me." I bursted in a giddy demeanor.

"I love it! Now, it doesn't really make sense to have the internet as-is, since the world you're going to is not connected to Earth. But I'll send you along with how it is the moment you died."

As my vision began to fade, she added, "And just for me, I'd love to see some of your younger self back. You used to love what I'd made." 

That was the last of what I remembered. 
