The sound of an infant crying drove me to lucidity. My vision was hazy, and I felt weak and confused. 

A figure that resembled a head and shoulders loomed over me; my vision too poor to be sure. 

"Squeeze my finger if you understand," the figure said. 

Of course I understood. But I realized I had no body. No hand to squeeze their finger with. Shock and horror swarmed me as I panicked. As I did so, the sound of the infant crying grew more intense. It dawned on me: I was the baby. 

*** 

"Squeeze my finger if you understand," the figure said, a phrase I had now become familiar with. 

I felt a vague warmth somewhere below where I was. I've heard the voice quite a few times since the first, but it was a first for the warm sensation. I tried to do my best of squeezing, although I wasn't sure with what. 

"Good. Welcome back," the figure said, in a warm, womanly voice.

Although I identified the words perfectly, I had no clue what she meant. As I wondered, an overwhelming sensation of hunger and cold washed over me. My lips began to quiver before I knew it. 

"Are you hungry? Squeeze once for yes, twice for no," she asked, as I began to cry in the desperate tone I had no control over.

I squeezed again, now recognizing my discomfort as hunger.

"There there," she said, as she picked me up and brought me to her breast. 

As she turned, I caught a clearer glimpse of her. Her skin was fair, smooth like river polished stone, and her ears rose in elegant points past the fall of her hair.

That hair was silvery, not gray or white, but the kind of silver that catches the light like spider silk. It was woven into a inticate fishtail braid so precise it looked more grown than made, held together tautly with features that seemed carved from wood or bone.

There was no mistaking it.
She is a picture perfect elf I knew only from fiction, with one addtional detail: she had what seemed like tattoos on her face, in a position that ever so slightly reminded me of Mike Tyson. 
The placement of the tattoo was where the similarities ended though. 
Omnis was perhaps a bit unimaginative, but I was grateful not to have been born as a Xenomorph or Zergling.

With my belly full, my vision began to fade again. 

***

Over the next few weeks, I began to have better communication with the woman. I felt like I understood what someone experienced with locked-in syndrome, or a severe disability. 
I appreciated the fact that although it'd be completely appropriate, she didn't infantilize me much. 
She spoke to me in a kind but respectful way, never in a patronizing tone that'd be normal with a baby back on Earth.

I also learned that her name was Tariel. It's also worth mentioning that I've seen no traces of anyone who I'd identify as a father.

Day by day, I felt more mastery over my body and more endurance at staying awake.
Curious about the world and armed with more energy than I had before, I intended to find out as much as I could today.
I decided to make some unconvincing cries to get Tariel's attention. 

"Yes? Do you need food or a change?" my mother asked, as she put her finger into my hand.

I squeezed twice for no. 

"Cold or hot?" 

Again I squeezed twice. 

"You're lonely and you want some company?" Tariel asked with a puzzled look. 

I did not squeeze as it was closer, but not exactly what I wanted. 

"Ah! How about you spell it for me?" she asked. She waved one hand musically and what seemed like wooden letter blocks floated towards me, arranging themselves in the air in front of me. 


