Oh... magic. I guess that's not so surprising considering she's an elf and all. 
I swelled with excitement as I fantasized about the possibilities. Fantasize may not be the right word as I am seeing it in front of me. 
Theorizing and conjecturing might be more appropriate terms. 

I felt a great appreciation for the Goddess' sense of humor, considering that I had complained about the unscientific nature of the afterlife.

With her index finger still in my hand, she pointed over the first letter with her other, paused, then moved onto the second letter. 

This is a great system, and I found myself begin to appreciate Tariel further, in addition to the respect I already had for how she treated me even though I was a baby. 
There was just one problem. Although I understood when she spoke, I don't recognize any of the letters in the air.

A few minutes had passed by the time she reached the last letter. She put her hand down and stared at me with a thoughtful expression, like a chess player considering her next move.

"Sorry, baby. Not sure what you mean. Let's try again when you can talk." she said, untriumphantly.

*** 

Another few weeks passed before I was able to utter the phonemes that required the least physically demanding movements. 
Tariel was patient with me, and we were able to communicate with the same clarity of a phone call with poor reception.

It's a strange thing to be an adult mind in an infant's body. I was capable of recalling memories with clarity if I was lucid during the experience. But in much of my waking hours, I spent as if I had an illness or hangover, with varying control over my facilities.

Each day, it seemed my capabilities were noticeably more than the previous. Today was a particularly good day, and I felt that I was speaking with greater clarity than before.

Tariel came into the room, and picked me up. 

"Good morning baby. Do you need to be changed?" she greeted. 

I sounded out a clearly negatory response. 
As she asked, I began to realize how ridiculous of a question it is to ask a newborn, and even more ridiculous to not be surprised that I was giving intelligible responses. 
Maybe 

I should probably mention that although she was kind and loving, I must admit that Tariel didn't feel very motherly to me. 
Her demeanor suggested that she might be a wet nurse or maybe she was taking care of me on behalf of someone else. 
Either way, I didn't mind. Having to one day reveal to her that there's a grown person in here was a tedious thought.

As if in reciprocation to this conclusion, I asked, "Tayo, ah you my mama?"

"Yes, of course. Why else would I be taking care of you?" Tariel asked, quizzically. 

"Weh dada?" I asked, in my best attempt to sound clear.

"I'm not sure. Do you know Aelar?" She asked genuinely, with no hint of any extra meaning in her tone.

"Ela dada?" 

"Yes that's right. If you haven't met him before, you will eventually." 

At this point, I was entirely confused. She's been with me every day. How could I have met him before? 

I suddenly remembered Omnis' promise before I entered this world. 
