If I had to describe it, I’d say it was like finding a door in a wall I’d walked past every day of my life

The memory of it had been with me since I arrived, buried under the fuzz that comes with being an infant and the reawakening of my faculties. I couldn’t access it at first. But it was there, waiting. 

The internet.

Not an app. Not a browser. Not a glowing screen with a URL bar.

It was information. An archive of a living network, etched into the grooves of my mind with supernatural fidelity. Static. Frozen at the moment I died. A perfect fossil of collective human knowledge.
I was well aware that the internet was an incomplete summary of humanity's knowledge, tainted with biases and conflicting information. 
Regardless, I was giddy with what I could do. 
If this world was primitive, I would be something of a god myself. 
If it was more advanced than Earth, I couldn't think of a tool that would make me better prepared.

All of it: scientific breakthroughs, tech support threads, forum rants, celebrity gossip, fan wikis, obscure PDFs, entire Wikipedias, blogs that hadn’t been updated since 2007 — all of it, still here.

Somewhere in my mind.

I began to familiarize myself with the ability. 
I tried to find ways to better communicate with Tariel, but a realization quickly dawned on me. 

Just like the internet was in my life, if I lacked the keywords to search for a concept, it wouldn't do me much good. 
If there was an answer I was looking for, I needed to know what question to ask.

I began my research on how I might successfully execute a first contact. 
I consulted how linguists might speak to aliens. But I wasn't visiting an alien in a spaceship. The trouble was that I was a helpless baby.

I expected the knowledge on communication with babies to mostly be from Tariel's perspective, but I looked regardless.
I dove into Montessori blogs, child psychology threads, neuroscience articles, and a disturbing number of amateur parenting forums where every other reply seemed to begin with “I’m not a doctor but...”.

I had only spent a few minutes before my meager stamina gave out. 