The next time I became conscious, I was ailed with an extreme lethargy. 

I'm well aware that the brain consumed an immense amount of energy, but piloting an infant's body was something I had no experience with.

Over a few days, I gradually regained more lucidity.
When I was finally able to open my eyelids without feeling like I had to maintain control otherwise they'd slam shut, I found that I was even able to sit up. 
I did so and stretched and yawned, with more familiarity in this vessel than ever before. 

I must have made some noise because Tariel came in to feed me. 

After my meal, consisting of contents and delivery methods that now made me feel extremely awkward, I continued my quest to find my bearings in this world.

"Tariel?" I asked, with clarity that shocked me. 

Bemused and pleased, but not all that surprised, Tariel responded: "Yes, baby?" 

I paused for a bit. Once again realizing the outlandishness of the situation I found us in. 

"Aren't you surprised that I can talk? Are you not scared?" I asked, unsure if I really wanted to know the answer.

"Why would I be?" Tariel answered quizzically.

"Can all babies talk at my age? And how old am I anyway?" I asked. 

"You started maybe a syn or two early, but I don't think that's all that uncommon. And you were born after winter solstice, so you're just over half a sol," she answered. 

After many questions for basic facts, I was able to deduce that a "syn" referred to a cycle of the moon, which is roughly equivalent to a month that I was familiar with. 
A sol is a year. There are 10 months in a year. Not difficult to grasp.

"Tariel, what is my name?" I asked, curious as to why she always refer to me as 'baby'.

Tariel paused, with a mix of concern and confusion on her face. 

"Don't you know?" she asked.

"How would I know? I was just born..." I argued.

"I assumed that you knew since you're a Velar." 

"And what is a Velar?"

"Those who are on their first return. Like you." She answered. 

"Returning from where?"

"From your last life of course," Tariel answered, wearing an increasingly confused expression.

A pang of panic gripped my stomach.

"... You know?" I asked. 

"Yeees?" Tariel answered, wearing an expression that made us look like two wild animals in a showdown.

"How do you know?" 

"Your Dirma?" She pointed towards my collarbone. 

I looked down, seeing for the first time what looks like a small birthmark near my sternum. 
It stretched towards my neck, but I couldn't make out a full image. 

"Tariel, can I have a mirror or something?" I asked. 

She nodded and reached her hand in the air towards a closed cabinet on the other side of the room. It opened a hand mirror levitated its way towards her. 

*I'm going to need to learn how to do that* I thought to myself. 

Looking in the mirror, I can now see that the pattern formed a wreath of laurels around my neck like a necklace. It looked exactly like the tattoo on Tariel's face, but in a different pattern. 

"Did you give me this tattoo?" I asked, bracing myself for the horrific culture shock I was expecting. 

At this point Tariel's brows were furrowed with a concern with an expression you held when a close friend was in trouble. 

After a silent moment that felt longer than it was, Tariel spoke:
"Are you a Nova? No. I guess it doesn't make sense to ask that." 

I have lived most of my adult life frequently being the most knowledgeable person in the room, but everything about this conversation was making me feel like I was experiencing a stroke.
Maybe dementia or another neurological disease? 

Was the whole encounter with Omnis, my rebirth, and the current situation just a torturous facade in my mind? 

Induced by my confusion, I was now teary eyed and flushed, but I grudged on in my dialogue with Tariel. 



