I sat with a blank expression. My body tingled from the adrenaline and cortisol of my shock, but I was beginning to regain my composure. 

In my conversation with Tariel, I was able to conclude the following:

The tattoos on my body are known as Dirma. They weren't tattoos but rather birthmarks. 
Apparently, every time someone is reborn, they gain a Dirmus (singular). 

Yes, reborn. The majority of the population in this world are reincarnated. 

Individuals like me, who Tariel perceived to be in their first return, were known as Velar.
Those who were truly new to the world were known as Novas. 

There is no word for everyone else, which makes sense since this group makes up most of the population. Not all that surprising since the proportion of those reincarnating converges towards the whole. 

Contrary to my expectations, although you always reincarnate after dying, you don't come back as a newborn immediately. 
The time between your death and next birth cannot be predicted exactly, but it does follow some rules. 

Those who are currently in this period are known to be "in Tanai".
Each Tanai takes longer than the last. Each time you are reborn, you gain a Dirmus, and the word for the patterns in general are known as Dirma. 
Each Dirmus you gain is typically smaller than the last. 

Dirma don't touch each other, but as you experience rebirths, a Dirmus gains dimensionality. 
The edges of the pattern grow like a fractal with small, self similar extensions around the edges and in the pattern itself. 

As you experience rebirths, your body becomes almost wholly covered in them.
Those who have experienced the most rebirths end up with almost their entire body covered.
In the culture of this world, Apatheia, those with lots of Dirma are held with high respect. The older you are, the more respect you garner. 

Dirma don't change between lives, save the new one gained and the extra details on your existing ones.
So if you are familiar with someone's Dirma, you could identify them in another life. 

***

The cause of the confusion between us was that Tariel had assumed that I was a Velar, since she only found one Dirmus on my body. 

This is also why she didn't give me a name. 
She had assumed that I would tell her the name I was bestowed as a Nova once I had regained enough ability to speak. 

Many people have met each other in various lives, but remember, the more times you rebirth, the longer it takes. 
So the older you are, the less likely you are to know the currently living. 

And since Velar and Nova have no identifiable Dirma, Tariel couldn't know if she met me in my past life.

"Tariel, I have to be honest with you. I never lived as a Nova here," I conceded.

She took a moment to digest the fact and wrestled with its possibility, then responded: "What do you mean by 'here'?"

Oops. Unsure if I had a made a mistake or not, I considered if I would be hung like a witch in this world. 
But if what Tariel told me applied, I would simply be reborn again right? 

I decided that truth was the best course of action.

"A Goddess named Omnis sent me here," I admitted. 

Stunned by the revelation and wide eyed, Tariel got to her knees and prostrated in reverence. 